Add Lua and fix typos (#3460)
Codecademy/docs: documentation/style-guide.md

## Headers/Sections

- Do not use any `h1` headers (in Markdown preceded by `#`).

> - Do not include a title header automatically provided by the metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not include a title header. It is automatically provided by the metadata.
```

- Use Markdown syntax for links: `[text](url)`.
- Do not link to parent concept or topic entries. The Docs navigation provides those for each entry.
- Do not link to external third-party documentation. (Such as Wikipedia.)
- You are encouraged to link out to other relevant Docs topics, concepts, or terms the first time they appear.
- In some cases, linking out to external standards documents or entities may be appropriate. (Example: [XML 1.0 Specification](http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-xml), [World Wide Web Consortium](https://www.w3.org/standards/), [Red Hat Enterprise Linux](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/linux-platforms/enterprise-linux))
- When linking items outside the document, use the full path. Use a relative path when linking to items inside the document (i.e., Headers).
- If there are parentheses in the link, replace them with `%28` and `%29`.

## File Hosting

- If you'd like to host files such as images or GIFs, please upload them to the [/media folder](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/tree/main/media).

> - Images' `src` attribute should be linked to the URL: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/" followed by the image name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Images should be linked to the URL: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/" followed by the image name.
```
These are Markdown files, not HTML.
